feat: Add rule no-constant-binary-expression (#15296)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/no-constant-binary-expression.md

> # disallow constant comparisons and expressions that always/never short circuit (no-constant-binary-expression)

Reviewer: I don’t think short-circuiting applies to all conditions in the rule, so maybe 

```suggestion
# disallow expressions where the operation doesn’t affect the value (no-constant-binary-expression)
```

> Comparisons which either will always evaluates to true, or always evaluates to false, and logical expressions (`||`, `&&`, `||`) which either always short circuit or never short circuit are both likely indications of programmer error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparisons which will always evaluate to true or false and logical expressions (`||`, `&&`, `||`) which either always short circuit or never short circuit are both likely indications of programmer error.
```

> These errors are especially common in complex expressions where operator precedence is easy to misjudge.

Reviewer: This is a good spot for a simple example.

## Rule Details

> This rule identifies `==` and `===` comparisons which, based on the semantics of the JavaScript language, will always evaluate a constant `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule identifies `==` and `===` comparisons which, based on the semantics of the JavaScript language, will always evaluate to `true` or `false`.
```

> It also identifies `||`, `&&` and `??` logical expressions which will either always, or never short circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also identifies `||`, `&&` and `??` logical expressions which will either always or never short circuit.
```
